Add skeletonizing guide (#32)
cisagov/development-guide: project_setup/skeletonize-existing-repository.md

First, decide which of the available skeletons fits your existing repository.
To see a list of available skeletons, use the `skeleton list` command or see
the [list of skeletons](skeleton-list.md).

As an example, we'll be using [`skeleton-python-library`](https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-python-library)
in this document.

```sh
cd <target_repository>
git remote add skeleton-parent git@github.com:cisagov/skeleton-python-library.git

# You can verify the remote has been added by
git remote --verbose

# Create a new branch for this work
git checkout -b skeletonize

# Pull skeleton's history
git pull skeleton-parent develop --allow-unrelated-histories
```

## Fix merge conflicts ##

This merge process will almost certainly fail, resulting in merge conflicts.
The next step is to fix those conflicts and add the files once the fixes are
in place.

```sh
# Determine which files need fixes
git status

# After fixing the merge conflicts in a file,  add it
git add <filename>

...
# When all conflicts have been fixed and added, commit to complete the merge
# Remember to add a descriptive and useful commit message
git commit
```

## Review non-conflicting changes ##

> You don't only have to fix merge conflicts. It is important to also look at
> the unconflicted changes listed in the output of `git status` and verify that
> you want to include all those changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't only have to fix merge conflicts. It is important to also look at
the unconflicted changes listed in the outputs of `git status` and 
`git diff origin/develop` and verify that you want to include all those 
changes.
```

```sh
git diff origin/develop
```

This step is often overlooked because it is rarely needed, but it can save you
from merging in destructive upstream changes.

## Update skeleton's `example` references ##

This step includes such activities as:

- Update `setup.py` with non-example information
- Arrange into appropriate folders, such as `src` and `test`
- Update the `codeowners` to reflect subject matter expertise and
codebase familiarity
  - Aim to have at least two codeowners for every repository

Some skeletons need additional configuration, such as with
`skeleton-python-library` and its module structure inside `src/example`.

## Set up pre-commit ##

The skeleton will bring along with it our standard pre-commit hook
configurations, including linting and other checks.

```sh
# Install pre-commit

> pre-commit install

Reviewer: They will want to have created their virtualenv before this.  We should mention both the `setup.sh` script and the instructions in `CONTRIBUTING.md` - both should be present in the repo after merging in the skeleton.

Author: Added in https://github.com/cisagov/development-guide/pull/32/commits/fb557ade7da9952c3bd1c47ea4c548e40d0c4dcd
